Refactoring EM messages (#948)
ie3-institute/simona: docs/readthedocs/models/em.md

## Protocol

During simulation, EmAgents send `FlexActivation` and `IssueFlexControl` messages and receive `ProvideFlexOptions` and `FlexCompletion` messages.

> After having been requested to calculate flex options via `FlexActivation`, controllable assets send back their flex options to the controlling unit using `ProvideFlexOptions`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After being requested to calculate flex options via `FlexActivation`, controllable assets send back their flex options to the controlling unit using `ProvideFlexOptions`. 
```
